"Yes, yesterday, we went through, it has again, if you're looking back to what we did yesterday,
as the great King Kipadte Kherung Mooji and the great Master always said, 'It's good to look back
at what you learned,
what you read, what you understand, so that you can contemplate and then observe that into the
heart.'
That's what the Buddha teaching always said. There's three things, studying, contemplating, and
then practicing, meditating on this.
The practice in meditating is the essence, but in order to do that, we have to observe the teaching
,
not go through passing through. The teaching is not right. Observing that.
What we do observe in the teaching, reflect that. Looking back to the teaching, read the teaching,
analyzing, contemplating,
and then read the essence of meaning and put that in action, known as practicing or meditating, as
we study.
So therefore, looking back to what we discussed yesterday, we discussed the study,
again teaching over the reference and bodhicapa, those meaning, essential meaning.
We went different levels as this great sugary book explaining that. So we went through those things
.
And today, and then again, what are all that frame, what we put, again teaches for linear master's
books.
All this teaching can be, all this book that can be summarized into three.
The preparation, the principal part of the practices, principal part of the practices, and the
concluding part of the practices.
The preparation part of the practices is linearly prayers, and as well as rafu and bodhicata,
and then preparing the areas where you're going to practice, or area, environment, kind of
preparing that
so that everything suits and acceptable, is blended into our kind of situation, circumstances.
Those are all known as preparation.
Among them, that categories, we went through yesterday, rafu and bodhicata, rafu and bodhicata.
Today, we're going to talk the next step, which is you're going to look to the bed, bed 12, bed 12,
accumulating the Mary through 10 branches. And again, this teaching is teaching of the inanthanthas
.
Entire this, this very sacred teaching, and it is teachings of the Mahayoga, essence teachings of
Mahayoga,
essence teachings of the Anu-yoga, and essence teachings of the MahÄrati.
You and I did talk about these three inanthanthas teachings.
So therefore, this accumulating the Mary is all also inanthanthas, zokimu,
from the zokimu point, looking to the world and accumulating the Marys, and engaging in activity.
You're standing firmly in the state of the zokim, other true natural states.
From there, you are encompassing everything. That is what it is.
But however, again, we should do talk again, there will be basic general, what means accumulating
the Mary.
Accumulating the Mary, generally means boosting up your immune systems.
It's true. The immune systems.
The immune system is something that we all have.
It's not something that we don't have. We have to activate it.
This is a spiritual Dharma immune system that you have to activate it.
That energy, then what it comes, energy is strong, good.
When you bring up the immune system, the energy of the spiritual, what are things? We need things
that have to do.
Where things are appeared, where nature is, calling to us, where nature is.
We are part of nature. It's not something that we are out of nature. We are part of nature.
We all train, polluted ourselves. We make pollutions. Of course, the pollutions outside, those are
industrial material levels.
But often, we pollute by unknowingly with our attitude, our mind, this duality mind.
Thinking we are doing something important, beautiful, special, but it turns out we completely blur
our art.
Our environment, our system, our energy, and then we can decline instead of going out.
Therefore, we have to boost out, bring up the vitality of the good things.
Energy, this is known as day. Often, I'm sure many of you heard and know that.
This is known as two accumulations. Accumulating the two things.
What you are accumulating, you are gathering and building up the good immune systems of the energy.
Energy, and through two different techniques.
These two different techniques related with the external situation or our naturals, that is known
as in the Buddha's teaching, relative truth.
Absolute truth, there is truth. Absolute truth and relative truth.
Relative truth means relative old, relative, what we perceive.
And by body, by speech, and by mind. All these are the relatives.
In the form, sound, and space, these are all relatives.
What are to boost up our energy systems, the immune system of the matter, the good things?
What do we have to do? We have to do the good things.
That's something that meet, match with our inner qualities.
Our inner quality of the natural mind is kindness, compassion, love, and worship, joy, and
appreciation.
That is our inner quality of the mind.
Ultimately, we do the activity, what we do. Because of the duality, because of pollution, we do
contrary of the naturals.
Even there is reason to be joy, happy and appreciated, we don't really appreciate it.
We don't feel joy. We don't satisfy it.
Because ego and duality is something to always greedy, hungry, and all the time, never has ended up
.
And we turn down completely, wasted, and it diluted our system of the environment completely.
Therefore, now we have to build up, build up our environment externally, with good joy.
Joy, appreciation, love, kindness, compassion, and activate of that.
That is in any sibling qualities of your heart and your mind.
But with joy and appreciation, respect, kindness, compassion, when began to reflect through the
verbal and through physically,
that is what brings up, boosts up the good quality, which is known as the Buddha teaching.
Accumulate in the merit, you are gathering, you are building up, you are building up the muscles.
Muscles, spiritual muscles. So we not become fragile, perishable at any moment.
We can stand in total, in fame, in a hurry, every situation of the Sun's Earth, activated, whatever
is happening, external.
We can stand. Read all those great Master's life stories, how they stand in total.
They are not out of the samsara. You read all those books.
Even in the Buddha's sound, all those great Arathas.
They are not out of the samsara, the environment.
They are standing firm, strong, and tall, and went through that and changed everything around the
situation and circumstances.
That is known as the accumulating of the merits, good things, good activities of love, joy,
appreciation, as I said.
Those are all known as merit, merit activities.
And then related with every present activity, good things, such as in the Buddha teaching or the V
aidyana teaching,
Monroe practices, post-station, taking refuge, developing bodhicitta or expanding the bodhicitta.
Bodhicitta, mandala offerings, all those activities, such as generosity practices, morality
practices, patient tolerance practices,
combined with joy and love, everything blended in together.
All those are known as the accumulating merit.
Something that we can walk, we can deal with verbally, mentally, and physically activities.
That is known as the accumulating merit of the relative truth, relative love.
This merit is so important. There is also beautiful stories.
For example, Buddha Shatyamuni, in the teaching, said three countless eons, he accumulated the true
merit.
He built up the true merit. That is why Buddha reached the enlightenment.
He built up all that.
This merit, that is what is so important and so special.
And this is just one of the stories.
Buddha taught ancient times. Again, these are the Buddha's teachings.
Ancient times, for example, even the smallest things.
If it is right in crucial time, right moment, it bears the biggest fruit.
Good bears the fruit.
Again, same way, if it is a small activity, if it is a wrong moment, a wrong thing,
then it again brings very big, bad results. I mean that, we all know that.
This is the ancient time, in the Buddha's teaching said,
ancient times, there came one time, there is drought. Drought came areas.
All harvesters burned down, completely burned down.
And the poor person is not having enough food. There is a wealthy, wealthy, very wealthy family.
There are six family members.
Family members, in the teaching said, two couples.
And two couples, father and mother.
And then they have son and his wife, wife, couple, and they have one servant.
Also the servant is a wife, also a man and a female.
So there is six bears, man and woman, three women, three males.
But this family is so wealthy, but however drought is so swift,
they are so generous and giving to the others their food and health, time,
and then also now many of them are already dying.
And also they are going to die soon.
But however, in the teaching said, they went through all their trade-off,
when they saved the food, put compartments, or what's called, pantry.
They went through all their pantries and tried to scrap,
scrapping every grains, their food, and they got one hand full.
Or one of these four, so I think maybe, one of these four, got food, the grains.
But now they have six family members.
Members, this is not going to end up, this is just the only one,
sooner or later they are going to die, too.
So because at that moment, when they gathered that and hand for that,
gathered that grain, at that moment, there is one right at the door,
one sage came, asking for a sage.
And in the Buddha teaching, it's about bigger Buddhas,
solitary enlightened beings, solitary enlightened beings.
He came right in front of their doors, asking for it.
They don't have anything to do, except them.
The father told to the mother, "What do you think, sir?
Should I give to him this one?"
But because anyway, this is not enough for us.
Us, if we say, and after that even we say this, we will die.
I mean, that will help us.
But if we give that to one person, really it will make a difference.
It will make help to that person, that individual.
So what do you think, shall I give?
We shall give that to him.
The wife said, "Yes, I agree with you, sir."
And they asked their son and daughter, or son and daughter,
the son's wife, they said the same thing.
We shall give them.
Then they asked their servant, wife, and a servant, also a servant.
They asked.
They said the same thing, "We agree. I agree with every one of you, sir."
So then they graciously offered that solitude sage.
And the moment they offered that solitude sage,
we graciously, in the teaching, said,
"This solitude is in life the biggest."
Immediately he started performing such extraordinary relaxation activities,
known as marital activities.
He performed.
They are so moved by that.
And same time what they did, what they prayed when they offered.
I'm sorry, I'm not telling you that.
When they prayed, what they prayed when they gave that solitude things,
that solitude, this master, said,
"By this offering, may there is no panic."
They really did that.
But same time they did this, this sage, all these activities,
enlightenment activities, and they moved so much.
And the moment the power of that inspiration in the teaching said,
"Power of that merit."
Immediately their empty pantries are filled with food.
Filled with food.
Not just only that, immediately starts to raining.
Rain don't come down.
So it began to prevent the drought and the payments to the whole world,
or all that areas at that time.
And that is not just happening in the teaching.
Five hundred lifetimes, the experience result comes one after another.
And that was also in the time of the Buddha Shakyamuni time,
and he was born.
These six family members are so full.
In the teaching said, according to that teaching,
they said, "Did the family come to the group?"
They said, "Life after life, they come to target us like that."
As the team came to target one after another.
And the Buddha Shakyamuni's lifetimes, they are known as the "look family."
Look up. Look up.
Can't think.
Look families.
And the teaching said, "Wherever they look, by their eyes."
Eyes.
It brings abundance.
It really brings abundance.
And then many disciples get kind of doubt why they can do that.
And that's why the Buddha gave these stories.
That's why they did such a significant generosity activity that time,
and sacrifice in a way, their lives to do that.
Ever since for five hundred lifetimes, they've been experienced that.
And even this time, that's how they are in that.
So this is a result of the marriage stories.
When we do the marriage activity.
And then similarly, there's...